My first DDR arcade experience!
Published on January 03, 2006.
First off, sorry for not posting very much.
I’ve kinda been busy with my other blog and whatnot.
Speaking of my other blog, here’s a post from it that you might enjoy.
It details my harrowing journey to the arcade…
So last weekend, a couple of out-of-town buddies called me up and wanted to hang out.
Their idea? Go to the mall.
A trip to the mall isn’t really my idea of a good time, but I hadn’t seen those guys in a while, so off we went.
While at the mall, the subject of DDR came up.
I’m not one to go to the mall often (probably 3-4 times a year), so naturally I don’t play DDR at the arcade that often either.
Oh, I guess the title of this post is kinda misleading then.
It wasn’t my “first” DDR Arcade experience; Just the first one where I was actually capable completing a song on my own…
Anyway, it was decided that if Natrick* payed, Burtis* and I would dance for him.
And dance we did.
Did I mention there’s videos?
Yes, luckily my New Year’s resolutions did not involve refraining from embarassing myself in front of the internet.
So here’s the result of our escapades:
First we warmed up with “Get up ‘n Move.”
I think this was on standard difficulty. I hadn’t really played at the arcade before, and my feet kept getting stuck where the arrows are. I guess I need drag my feet less (it’s easy when it’s just the dance mat!).
There was a crowd of people behind us, but after realizing me and Burtis sucked, they all ran away to Hot Topic or something.
Next off, we played “Look to the Sky” on standard mode.
I forget which mix it was.
I thought I combo’ed through it and would get a AA, but I only got an A.
This is when Burtis thought it would be a good idea to stop trying to stay alive and start showboating.
I have to admit it, though, he’s a great dancer.
He even got a bunch of little kids to watch us!
Finally, we decided to go out with a bang and play “Mobo Moga” on heavy mode.
I can sometimes AA this one at home if I’m lucky.
Anyway, I tried to keep us alive, but it was for naught.
We failed somewhere in the middle.
If only Burtis would have concentrated!!!
Overall, it was a pretty fun excursion.
I like the coolness of the metal pad, but it’d take some time to get used to.
I think red octane sells a metal pad like the arcade, but it’s like, $200!
Maybe I’ll buy a DDR Machine when I become a millionare…
*names have been changed to protect the innocent